Consistently setting timers for tasks helps people who experience time blindness.
It may be easier to accomplish tasks with someone else in the room for people who struggle with frequently getting distracted as this helps with accountability.
Fidget objects help to provide a physical outlet for stress, managing temporary feelings of stress by providing a tactile distraction that promotes relaxation.
Planning meals can allow someone struggling with consistently eating to continuously feed their body while allowing them to discern what foods they take into their body in advance so that they can ensure the food doesn’t trigger them.
Encouraging your trusted peers to hold you accountable in your eating habits can help someone experiencing an eating disorder ensure they are being consistent in practicing healthy eating habits. 
Journalling can help an individual better understand the triggers leading them to develop specific habits of behaviour and mental processes, in addition to helping practice identifying negative patterns of thought and practicing positive self-talk.
Weighted blankets can provide deep pressure touch, promoting relaxation and triggering the release of neurotransmitters such as serotonin and dopamine!
Exercise, including yoga, has been scientifically proven to help improve self-esteem and cognitive function.
Relieving objects such as ginger candy, herbal medicine patches, and hand warmers can distract from physical manifestations of stress in the body by providing sensations that divert the body’s focus away from them.
Special interests can create a feeling of comfort for people who fixate on specific subjects which can allow them to focus their attention on a subject that provides them with a consistent feeling of relief.
Headphones help with reducing sensory overload and overstimulation as they block out extraneous noise, helping to regulate exposure to auditory stimuli!
Mood tracking apps can provide an outlet to vent emotions, as well as provide a way to track moods.
Meditation has been shown to be beneficial for one’s mood, sleep, and cognition!
Studies show that aromatherapy can help with anxiety and stress, as smell receptors send messages through your nervous system to your brain which may activate parts of the brain like the limbic system which play a role in emotional regulation and memory.
Short for Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors, SSRIs inhibit the reabsorption of serotonin by neurons, increasing the availability of serotonin as a neurotransmitter. This increases levels of serotonin which correlates with feelings of wellbeing.
Feelings of discontent could potentially be exacerbated by a chemical imbalance such as a lack of Vitamin D—this means that taking supplements of Vitamin D could help in restoring feelings of happiness and relief!
Schemas are mental frameworks that a person develops to interpret their experiences. By identifying and healing negative schemas, an individual can better understand their mental processes which can help them understand and combat triggers that might have lead to a feeling of disconnect with themselves.
The reciting of the alphabet backwards, or other behaviour requiring mental effort, can help an individual to regain control of thoughts when they feel a disconnect from their mental processes!
Observing and describing one’s surroundings can help someone ground themselves in the present, helping to regain a sense of control when they are feeling overwhelmed. 
Progressive muscle relaxation aids in the reduction and release of physical tension and stress. Since the body responds to mental sensations of stress by creating tension through the activation of muscles, the progressive relaxation created indicates to the body a signal to be calm.
Short for eye movement desensitization and reprocessing, EMDR can help process upsetting memories, thoughts, and feelings related to trauma: in EMDR, the individual pays attention to a back-and-forth movement or sound while calling to mind the upsetting memory until shifts occur in the way that you experience that memory and more information from the past is processed.